So my name is Uday Sharma and I am
going to do an EdTech startup with my team.
So today is the first day of the startup.  We had
come to Bhagiratha Palace.  To pick up a lot of stuff.
First of all we needed bounce
lights in red and blue color,
we searched everywhere to find them and
finally we found what we needed.  Till now
we have taken two types of bounce lights red and
blue.  Now we will take the 240 watt main light.
This type of light was there in almost every shop here.
But there is no guarantee with this.  If it goes then it will go
till the moon, if not then till the evening.  Then we entered the
camera market in Chandni Chowk
from where we had to buy a 4 1/2 feet tripod
and after a lot of deep estimation, we bought that too.
All the material from our source has arrived today.  I will
meet you
in the next part of the startup series.